---
layout: page
nav_order: 3
title: Minting Information and Tips
permalink: /mint-information-and-tips
---
# Minting Information and Tips
---
## Mint Specifications
Each Chin Pokie NFT will be purchasable for `0.0369 Ethereum` on our website.

Max number of Chin Pokies minted per transaction during public mint is `10`.

An exact timeline for the public mint and pre-sales has not been identified. Once all aspects of the project from a technical perspective have been finalized, we will post the finalized public mint date on our Twitter, Discord, and Website. 

Immediately after pre-sale (and before public mint), contest winners will be airdropped the next consecutive Chin Pokies from the smart contract.

## Allowlist Facts & Process
2,000 spots will be available for Allowlist. 

Allowlist holders will be able to mint a maximum of 3 Chin Pokies during the Allowlist Presale.

Allowlist mints will cost 0.021 Ethereum each (down from 0.0369) during the Allowlist Presale. 

Allowlist spots will be awarded based on the Team’s discretion. The CP team is continually looking for creative ways to reward community engagement with Allowlist spots.  Ways to earn Allowlist spots are included (but not limited to) below:
- Scoring 20 points or more on [Floppy Pokie](https://chinpokies.com/floppy-pokie)
- Twitter engagement
- Earning Discord roles
- Purchasing the Allowlist spots with our Discord-specific currency, Pokiecoins. 
- Community contributions & engagement
- Allowlist spots will also be given to affiliate project communities with whom we are collaborating to use at their discretion.

## Reserved Chin Pokies
1% of NFTs will be kept aside to be used for raffles, giveaways, or other community events. 
These Chin Pokies are NOT considered property of any of the Chin Pokie staff. 

## Timeline

| Name        | Time          |
|:-------------|:------------------|
| Allowlist Mint           | 9/13-Time TBA | 
| Contest Winner Airdrops | 9/13-Time TBA | 
| Reserved Pokie Claim | 9/13-Time TBA | 
| Public Mint           | 9/13-Time TBA | 
| Metadata Reveal           | 9/14-Time TBA |  

## Tips

Ensure you have metamask as a backup method of minting if you are using a hardware wallet. While hardware wallets are a best practice security measure, it's always good to have a plan B. 

Refresh [https://chinpokies.com](https://chinpokies.com) if you're hanging around on the page at exactly mint time.

Use [gas responsibly and check gas estimation services](https://www.blocknative.com/gas-estimator?gasType=ethereum) for latest prices.

Expect the gas price to be higher than what is quoted as the public sale begins.

Use etherscan's pending transaction page to see what gas prices others are using to help inform your own gas strategy.

Be aware that you and many others may be attempting to mint the last remaining Chin Pokies. The website will refresh the remaining count whenever the page is refreshed and a wallet is connected.
